99 Bottles        Medium - 73da38        ACM BiWeekly Chal. Oct 21-Oct 31
        
It’s time to sing a fun song! But nobody can remember the lyrics! Hmm… Hey, you’re good with computers right? Why don’t you write a program to tell us the remaining lyrics to “99 bottles of beer”? I’ll tell you when to begin, and you count down to 0!


Your program will read one line of input from STDIN containing the number of bottles remaining. If the number of bottles is greater than 99, you must print out “Error: too many bottles”. If the number of bottles is negative you must print out “Error: too few bottles”.


Example Input
10
Example Output
10 bottles of beer on the wall, 10 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 9 bottles of beer on the wall.
9 bottles of beer on the wall, 9 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 8 bottles of beer on the wall.
8 bottles of beer on the wall, 8 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 7 bottles of beer on the wall.
7 bottles of beer on the wall, 7 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 6 bottles of beer on the wall.
6 bottles of beer on the wall, 6 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 5 bottles of beer on the wall.
5 bottles of beer on the wall, 5 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 4 bottles of beer on the wall.
4 bottles of beer on the wall, 4 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 3 bottles of beer on the wall.
3 bottles of beer on the wall, 3 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 2 bottles of beer on the wall.
2 bottles of beer on the wall, 2 bottles of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, 1 bottle of beer on the wall.
1 bottle of beer on the wall, 1 bottle of beer.
Take one down and pass it around, no more bottles of beer on the wall.
No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer.
Go to the store and buy some more, 99 bottles of beer on the wall.


Example Input
120
Example Output
Error: too many bottles


Example Input
-12
Example Output
Error: too few bottles